README.md, before:

# Nuxt v2 Starter Template

This is a [Nuxt.js](https://github.com/nuxt/nuxt.js) v2 starter project template used for ACLU-branded projects

Includes:

- Axios ([axios-module](https://github.com/nuxt-community/axios-module))
- [Bulma](https://github.com/jgthms/bulma) (with [nuxt-purgecss](https://github.com/Developmint/nuxt-purgecss))
- SASS/SCSS
- eslint + prettier
- ACLU branding (per [ACLU style guidelines](https://aclu-national.github.io/style/)), including logo assets

## Prerequisites

Make sure to have a node version between `node 8.0-10` and `npm 5.0+` installed

Note: If you have a node version greater than ten, use nvm (https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to install a lesser version of node (>nvm install 10). Then install node-gyp (https://github.com/nodejs/node-gyp) with the older version. Otherwise you will run into errors (error prepareGitDep) when installing the dependencies.

## Installation

This is a project template for [vue-cli](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-cli).

If you don't yet have vue-cli installed:

```bash
$ npm install -g vue-cli
```

This template requires vue-cli v2.x. If you are using vue-cli v3, you will also need to install `@vue/cli-init`: (see [docs](https://cli.vuejs.org/guide/creating-a-project.html#pulling-2-x-templates-legacy) for more info)

```bash
$ npm install -g @vue/cli-init
```

### Steps for creating a new project based on this `nuxt2-starter-template`:

1. Initiate the Nuxt project using this template:

``` bash
$ vue init aclu-national/nuxt2-starter-template my-project
$ cd my-project
```

2. Update the personal access token for `aclu-vue-library` (see devDependencies in `package.json`)

3. Install dependencies

``` bash
$ npm install # Or yarn install
```

4. Spin up the development server

``` bash
$ npm run dev
```

Your project will be available at http://localhost:3000

### Getting Started - New Development Cheat Sheet

```
The template get's you started but is not up to date with the latest innovations
from other repos. The following few steps will help you get oriented with the code
and design patterns for aclu.org.
```
### 1.) Layout and spacing primer
```
@import 'assets/scss/mixins.scss' 
# Also pulls in variables.scss and ~bulma/sass/utilities/mixins 

<section class="section pt-md pt-sm-touch pb-xl info-box__section">
# Margin, padding and other page layout styles use bulma.io framework

'assets/scss/spacing.scss' contains the explanation of the custom spacing classes
used in the above example.
# Learn how to decipher pt-md and pb-xl in that file

https://bulma.io/documentation/modifiers/typography-helpers/
# Keep a tab open with this bulma page to remind you of what's available
```

### 2.) After initiating the template check for any fresh updates or additions (from new repos) to the following:
```
Header.vue
Footer.vue
utils/colors.js
utils/breakpoint.js
assets/scss/*
components/common/*
```

### 3.) Are the common plugins the most up to date?
```
Until we have a process to auto-update or inform repos that new plugins are available,
we must do this manually. Some examples below:

plugins/aclu-vue-library.js
plugins/cookies.js
plugins/chartbeat.js
plugins/heap.js
```

### 4.) Content Security Policy (CSP)
```
Update/add a list of trusted websites to the _headers file and place it in the static directory:
/static/_headers 
# (example here: https://github.com/aclu-national/dotorg-news-frontend/blob/staging/static/_headers)

# Helps to prevent cross site scripting and unapproved plugins from running on the site.
```

### 4.) Redirects
```
Use the /static/_redirects in conjuction with fastly configuration to setup paths for the repo.
Exanple entry for pages/ways-to-give.vue where the public url is 
https:///www.aclu.org/give/ways-to-give

/ways-to-give   https://www.aclu.org/give/ways-to-give
```
For more information, see your project's generated README.md

### Notes:

1. Requires a version of vlue-cli >- 2.1
2. The initial npm install will fail unless you have updated the github access token for `aclu-vue-library`, which is a private repo (see that project for details)

Commit message:

Updated README cheat sheet with next steps

README.md, after:

# Nuxt v2 Starter Template

This is a [Nuxt.js](https://github.com/nuxt/nuxt.js) v2 starter project template used for ACLU-branded projects

Includes:

- Axios ([axios-module](https://github.com/nuxt-community/axios-module))
- [Bulma](https://github.com/jgthms/bulma) (with [nuxt-purgecss](https://github.com/Developmint/nuxt-purgecss))
- SASS/SCSS
- eslint + prettier
- ACLU branding (per [ACLU style guidelines](https://aclu-national.github.io/style/)), including logo assets

## Prerequisites

Make sure to have a node version between `node 8.0-10` and `npm 5.0+` installed

Note: If you have a node version greater than ten, use nvm (https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to install a lesser version of node (>nvm install 10). Then install node-gyp (https://github.com/nodejs/node-gyp) with the older version. Otherwise you will run into errors (error prepareGitDep) when installing the dependencies.

## Installation

This is a project template for [vue-cli](https://github.com/vuejs/vue-cli).

If you don't yet have vue-cli installed:

```bash
$ npm install -g vue-cli
```

This template requires vue-cli v2.x. If you are using vue-cli v3, you will also need to install `@vue/cli-init`: (see [docs](https://cli.vuejs.org/guide/creating-a-project.html#pulling-2-x-templates-legacy) for more info)

```bash
$ npm install -g @vue/cli-init
```

### Steps for creating a new project based on this `nuxt2-starter-template`:

1. Initiate the Nuxt project using this template:

``` bash
$ vue init aclu-national/nuxt2-starter-template my-project
$ cd my-project
```

2. Update the personal access token for `aclu-vue-library` (see devDependencies in `package.json`)

3. Install dependencies

``` bash
$ npm install # Or yarn install
```

4. Spin up the development server

``` bash
$ npm run dev
```

Your project will be available at http://localhost:3000

For more information, see your project's generated README.md

### Notes:

1. Requires a version of vlue-cli >- 2.1
2. The initial npm install will fail unless you have updated the github access token for `aclu-vue-library`, which is a private repo (see that project for details)

## Getting Started - Some common next steps

Given the fast-paced nature of these projects, this template may not have the latest updates used by our other front-end repos. The following steps will help you check for updates and get you oriented with the code and design patterns for other nuxt-based aclu.org frontends.

### 1.) Layout and spacing primer
```
@import 'assets/scss/mixins.scss' 
# Also pulls in variables.scss and ~bulma/sass/utilities/mixins 

<section class="section pt-md pt-sm-touch pb-xl info-box__section">
# Most page layout styles use the bulma.io CSS framework

'assets/scss/spacing.scss' contains the explanation of the custom spacing classes
used in the above example.
# TIP: Learn how to decipher pt-md and pb-xl in that file

https://bulma.io/documentation/modifiers/typography-helpers/
# TIP: Keep a tab open with this bulma page to remind you of what's available
```

### 2.) Check for fresh updates

After initiating the template, check for any fresh updates or additions (from new repos) to the following:
```
Header.vue
Footer.vue
utils/colors.js
utils/breakpoint.js
assets/scss/*
components/common/*
plugins/*
/static/_headers (used for CSP headers mainly)
```

If you find updates, add them to the `/template/` files in this repo and help the next person!

### 3.) Are the common plugins the most up to date? <-- ADD THESE TO TEMPLATE, THEN DELETE STEP
```
Until we have a process to auto-update or inform repos that new plugins are available,
we must do this manually. Some examples below:

plugins/aclu-vue-library.js
plugins/cookies.js
plugins/chartbeat.js
plugins/heap.js
```

### 4.) Content Security Policy (CSP) <-- ADD TO TEMPLATE, THEN DELETE STEP
```
Update/add a list of trusted websites to the _headers file and place it in the static directory:
/static/_headers 
# (example here: https://github.com/aclu-national/dotorg-news-frontend/blob/staging/static/_headers)

# Helps to prevent cross site scripting and unapproved plugins from running on the site.
```

### 4.) Set up redirects

Assuming this project is hosted on Netlify, you can set up redirects in a `/static/_redirects` file.  Netlify will read that file and initiate redirects on initial app/page load.
